Release v5.5.1 (#6668)
zcash/zcash: doc/release-notes/release-notes-5.5.1.md

Notable changes
===============

Fixes
-----

Fixes an issue that could cause a node to crash if the privacy policy does not
include `AllowRevealedRecipients` when attempting to create a transaction that
results in transparent change. See
[#6662](https://github.com/zcash/zcash/pull/6662) for details.

Also corrects an underestimate of the [ZIP 317](https://zips.z.cash/zip-0317)

> conventional fee when spending UTXOs, which can result in mining of the
> transaction being delayed or blocked. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conventional fee when spending transparent inputs, which can result in mining
of the transaction being delayed or blocked. See
```
